Add Grouped Convolution and GEMM documentation (#1719)
ROCm/composable_kernel: docs/markdown/tensor_operation/gemm.md

[Back to supported operations](../../../include/ck/README.md)
# Composable Kernel GEMM

## GEMM
General matrix multiplications operation. In CK GEMM operation is called as `DeviceGemm` and requires following types as template parameters:

* **ALayout** - A layout (RowMajor/ColumnMajor).
* **BLayout** - B layout (RowMajor/ColumnMajor).
* **CLayout** - C layout (RowMajor/ColumnMajor).
* **ADataType** - A data type.
* **BDataType** - B data type.

> * **CDataType** - C data type.

Reviewer: A/B/C **Matrix**

* **AElementwiseOperation** - fused operation on tensor A.

> * **BElementwiseOperation** - fused operation on tensor B.

Reviewer: Important to note this elementwise operation is done before multiplication of those two tensors - that is on their (A/B tensor) elements.

> * **CElementwiseOperation** - fused operation on tensor C.

Reviewer: Let's start from capital letter.

> * **CElementwiseOperation** - fused operation on tensor C.

Reviewer: Operation is done on the output (result of two matrix multiplication) matrix elements.

> For matrices with large K dimension `DeviceGemmSplitK` implementation is available. This implementation allows user to split K dimension between work groups. This implementation requires AtomicAdd operation on global memory (output buffer must be set to zeroes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For matrices with large K dimension `DeviceGemmSplitK` implementation is available. This implementation allows user to split K dimension between work groups. This implementation uses `AtomicAdd` operation on global memory, thus need to zero-out output buffer for correct results.
```

For fused operations with additional tensor there are `DeviceGemmMultipleABD` or `DeviceGemmMultipleD` operation which require following parameters:

> * **DsLayout** - layouts for additional tensors for fused operations.

Reviewer: Please add note that all `DsLayout` have to be the same as output matrix C layout.

* **DsDataType** - data types for additional tensors for fused operations.

For `DeviceGemmMultipleABD` **ALayout**, **BLayout**, **ADataType** and **BDataType** user should pass a tuple.

List of the device operations in CK:

* **DeviceGemmDl** - Device operation with DL instructions.
* **DeviceGemmDpp** - Device operation with DL instructions with DPP instructions during data load.

> * **DeviceGemmWmma_CShuffle** - Device operation with WMMA instructions with CShuffle optimization for more optimized data store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **DeviceGemmWmma_CShuffle** - Device operation with WMMA instructions and CShuffle optimization for more optimized data store.
```

* **DeviceGemm_Xdl_CShuffle_LdsDirectLoad** - Device operation with XDL instructions with CShuffle optimization for more optimized data store and direct load from global memory to shared memory.
* **DeviceGemm_Xdl_CShuffle** - Device operation with XDL instructions with CShuffle optimization for more optimized data store.
* **DeviceGemm_Xdl_CShuffleV2** - Device operation with XDL instructions with CShuffle optimization for more optimized data store. GEMM pipeline has been optimized compared to **DeviceGemm_Xdl_CShuffle**.
* **DeviceGemmXdlSkipBLds** - Device operation with XDL instructions. Load to shared memory has been skiped for B matrix.

> * **DeviceGemm_Xdl_WaveletModel_CShuffle** - Device operation with XDL instructions with CShuffle optimization for more optimized data store.

Reviewer: Please not is uses producer+consumer scheme cooperation between waves in workgroup.

* **DeviceGemmXdl** - Device operation with XDL instructions.

> Table of supported cases by instance factory with XDL instruction for Row/Row/Row, Row/Column/Row, Column/Row/Row or Column/Column/Row:

Reviewer: Are you positive that we support all those layouts for all data types?

* **Multiply** - fp16
* **Add + Multiply** - fp16
* **Add + Relu** - fp16 (int8 for B matrix)  for Row/Column/Row, bf16 (int8 for B matrix) for Row/Column/Row
* **Add + Silu** - fp16 (int8 for B matrix)  for Row/Column/Row, bf16 (int8 for B matrix) for Row/Column/Row
* **Add** - fp16 (int8 for B matrix)  for Row/Column/Row, bf16 (int8 for B matrix) for Row/Column/Row
* **Bilinear** - fp16, int8
* **Gelu** - fp16
* **Multiply + Add** - fp16 for Row/Column/Row and Row/Row/Row, fp16 (int8 for B matrix, fp32 for Bias) for Row/Column/Row and Row/Row/Row, 
* **Quantization** - int8

## GEMM V2 (Universal GEMM)
General matrix multiplications operation optimized for MI300 series. Operation is called as `DeviceGemmV2` and requires following types as template parameters:

* **ALayout** - A layout (RowMajor/ColumnMajor).
* **BLayout** - B layout (RowMajor/ColumnMajor).
* **CLayout** - C layout (RowMajor/ColumnMajor).
* **ADataType** - A data type.
* **BDataType** - B data type.
* **CDataType** - C data type.
* **AElementwiseOperation** - fused operation on tensor A.
* **BElementwiseOperation** - fused operation on tensor B.
* **CElementwiseOperation** - fused operation on tensor C.

> This implementation allows user to split K dimension between work groups. This implementation requires AtomicAdd operation on global memory (output buffer must be set to zeroes if splitK parameter is larger than one).

Reviewer: Like above.
